yeah you are embarrassing right babe lay
down
family down you're done watch me move
your legs over there big stop baby stop
talking you're gonna get a blood clots
up yeah all right
no I really fast it went good though
and what's smooth oh here they just
called me in I've been here the whole
time filming you don't shake you're
gonna be so embarrassed you're gonna be
super embarrassed with that huh you
partying yeah yeah you did Kenny well
you have to lay down baby cuz the blood
collate move your lazy outside he's
gonna see you all returning yeah so you
better hurry up and get ready
no I'm just kidding he's not that he's
not you nice meeting ya didn't even copy
on your brother's why yes I did I'm not
lying
she's not there he's not out there I'm
checking I'm serious
okay okay hard lay down Oh
I'm not lying the white come a car you
dad you want talk to you oh babe lay
down that's why I was even in this
office place okay lay down hey you can't
talk you understand
you cannot talk Wow because it's you're
bleeding you don't want it to bleed too
much babe don't touch it don't touch it
can you please not
laid out please guys fault
yeah can you just lay down turn your
turn around put your legs and you put no
you don't put it on your cheat because
you're gonna be swollen babe put that in
your cheat
can you move your legs oh my god you're
super embarrassing this the thing is
we're fucked out so intensely write this
in your sitting room do they move yeah
they move you because you using that
baby slow down release pollen a holistic
hey oh my no you can't
oh she's gonna look I told that you
really wanted to she's gonna see if they
still have it
okay lay down listen to me Neil a
nominees through the fall yeah what
you're showing on sends him they another
girl this